Here's hoping we have a nice morning
Winter King, you have to fight for repayment again.
I was speechless for a whole day
You are fine too
The trash is there
Okay, let’s just say that King Dong won’t let him go anymore.
Such a risky situation
It will definitely bring down the Ling family and him.
No more Winter King. He will definitely be unhappy if I go out like this.
Liang'er was punished
There is no Winter King in the sky.
Who asked you to be kind to yourself and disturb the Winter King?
Do you want everyone in the child Ling family?
I don’t dare you to apologize to the Winter King. I’ve met the Winter King.
Please also let me keep my husband high and out of the way
I hope you are too expensive
Spare him, spare the Ling family
I can spare his life
You can also let the Ling family go
But he must have thought about apologizing
Thanks to Duowang Gao Taigui for determining the success
He apologized unwillingly
Dongwang is sure to be effective and expensive